ay dynastar nik thank you sun and japan
finally decided to innovate in something that
does not have many incorporations in the
recent years the wheelchair a
device more than necessary and forgotten
and invented a prototype a device
who can have autonomy from his four
wheels have tires as if
will deal with a vehicle and in the chair
wheels has sensors that can detect
obstacles step sauces if it is
necessary can climb stairs separates
his artificial legs at nine o'clock and
it can even narrow the surface of
the wheels if the space is narrow and
also raise and lower the chair according to
need the user who is sitting in
she to have complete stability
the chivas technology institute
Japan presented this prototype that
still not in the sale
but what they did communicate is that it was
very well received by the community
because that is a great improvement for
the sector that could facilitate the
mobility of many people with
different disabilities the next
trial phase will close with the
incorporation into factories of this
device but to come a little more
near an argentina because we are
talking about a Japanese invention that is a
prototype I recommend them if they have
some familiar friend or yourselves
have any disabilities that enter
in google the word wheelchair
innovate innovate that is the contest of
scientific and inventor developments
of the Argentine Republic and they will see
since 2007 there are different
wheelchair prototypes that
some won the prize to innovate others
they did not win but they received mentions and
contact teachers because
surely they have carried out
some nook of some province of the
Argentine Republic thank you so much more
work